1. Colours poor for colourblind people on home page
2. Text of fruit name same size as subtext
3. Pictures of fruit different sizes, not alligned
4. Buttons too small
5. Table lines on produce page
6. Doesnt respond when fruit added
7. Adding doesn't acknowledge weight
8. No prices
9. No way to go back from the invoice
10. Can type in invoice
11. View basket opens new windows
12. Font too small everywhere
13. Prices not rounded
14. Type in number, +/- would be better


--------------------------------------------

eveg.html
---------
1. plain background that is not appealing
2. button not informative  
3. colour of writing and background do not match well

shop.html
---------
1. letters can be typed in the quantity box, does not notify user of invalid input
2. no headers for information displayed 
3. user is not notified that an item has been added to the basket 
4. No links to other pages 
5. prices of each product is not displayed
6. tables need formatting - add lines
7. product images are of different sizes
8. fixed buttons run over product images when scrolling 
9. no. of items currently in the basket not shown 
10. should allow user to submit quantity by pressing enter key on the keyboard (not only clicking the button)
11. once an item is added value in the form box should disappear
12. descriptions not relevant/accurate
13. products with prices based on weights should allows user to specify the amount they want to order
14. products that are based on weights, should allow the user to enter quantity needed as if the product was sold individually 
the price of each item should be calculated using the average weight of an individual item e.g.
£1.29 for 0.5kg of bananas (assume 1 banana weighs 0.18kg - tesco)
1 banana = £0.46, 2 bananas = £0.93, 3 bananas = £1.39
15. other products that are based on weights should allow user to select weight quantity such as green beans 

basket.html
-----------
1. page should state if basket is empty
2. if there are no items in the basket, should not allow user to go to order page, notify user that the basket is empty 
3. should have one general "update basket" button, instead of individual change button 
4. "change quantity" button should be changed to "remove item", and should update page when an item is removed
5. "clear basket" button should update page to state basket is empty 
6. amounts should be rounded to 2 d.p
7. could have + and - buttons for each item


order.html
----------
1. card number can take letters.
2. expiry data can take letters.
3. do not allow user to proceed with payment if the form boxes are filled incorrectly 
4. notify user if there are empty form boxes   
2. cancel button should direct user back to basket



invoice.html
-------------
1. invoice page can be edited 
2. does not state the quantity of products ordered just individual price
3. alongside the indviudal price the overall prices of each product ordered should also be given
3. option to return to the homepage
4. amounts should be rounded to 2 d.p


All Pages
---------
- consistent colour scheme for all pages i.e. same background colour for all pages 
- pages should not open in a new tab apart from invoice.html
- navigation bar on all pages
